Read chapter 6 "acquiring behavior through inheritance" and chapter 7 "sharing role behavior with modules" in sandi metz's "Practical object oriented design".
 
Think about our Pokemon application. How could we use inheritance or modules to improve our application.
 
Then come up with a real world example... preferably a domain that you have a lot of knowledge it. how do you think a program that modeled some aspect of that domain could use inheritance or modules.

=======

where is inheritance useful
- 
lang that allow objs to have multiple parents are described as having multiple inheritance - can pose interesting challenges.
sidestep these probs by doing single inheritance, whereby a subclass is allowed only one parent superclass. ruby does this! p112
every class is a subclass of something in ruby. subclasses are everything their supercallses are plus more. e.g. inst of string is a string and also an object. subclasses are specializations of their superclasses.

sending 'super' in any method passes that method up the superclass chain
p115

the importance of naming--how does it make sense in terms of your class evolution? 117

for inheritance to work, 2 things must always be true
1. objs that you are modeling must truly have a generalization-specialization relationship
2. you must use the correct coding techniques

abstract classes (like bicycle) exist to be subclassed
work on getting the abstraction right before allowing subclasses to depend on it

“What will happen when I’m wrong?” Every decision you make includes two costs: one to implement it and another to change it when you discover that you were wrong. p123

--summary--
best way to create abstract superclass: push code up from at least 3 concrete subclasses.
template method pattern
easy to add new subclasses to a well-designed inheritance hierarchy

CH 7
how do you write inheritable code and whend oes it make sense to do so

objects can respond to these messages
• Those it implements
• Those implemented in all objects above it in the hierarchy
• Those implemented in any module that has been added to it
• Those implemented in all modules added to any object above it in the hierarchy

--summary--
objs that share a common role need to share behavior via a Ruby module. the code defined in a module can be added to any obj (class, inst of class, another module)
when a class includes a module, methods in that module get put into same lookup path as methods acquired via inheritance...
when obj acquires behavior that was defined elsewhere (regardless of this elswhere's location) the acquiring obj makes a commitment to honoring an implied contract. Liskov Substitution Principle = a subtype should be stustitutable for its supertype, aka (in ruby speak) an obj should act like what it claims to be
--> IMPROV! gain audience's trust by picking a character and remaining consistent to it. be what you initially said you would be.