what is the single responsibility principle and why is it important?

"Design is more the art of preserving changeability than it is the act of achieving perfection." 16

code should be easy to change, as well as
transparent, reasonable, usable, exemplary => TRUE

in order to make a code TRUE you need to ensure that each class has a single, well-defined responsibility
    a class should do the smallest possible useful thing. a single responsibility.
    to efficiently evolve, code must be easy to change. and apps that are easy to change consist of classes that are easy to reuse. class w/ more than one repsonsibility is hard to reuse.

if you dpeend on classes to do too much, you increase app's chance of breaking unexpectedly

how to tell if a class has a single responsibility:
- can you rephrase every one of its methods as a simple question?
- can you describe it in one sentence? try not to use "and"s (b/c then it does more than one thing) or "or" (b/c then it does two diff things)
- is it obvious what should be done?

RDD = Responsibility-Driven Design

what is the future cost of doing nothing today? is the most cost-effective course of action to wait for more information (before moving on to the next thing / building more)?
--> at the same time: improve it now or improve it later?

change inevitable, so code in changeable styles
- DRY
- hide data/messes from yourself -- protects code from being affected unexpectedly

use a ruby class to wrap a structure (p27-8) rather than making direct reference into complicated structures (bad b/c they obscure what the data really is)

http://ruby-doc.org/core-2.0.0/Struct.html

enforce single responsibility everywhere (not just classes) b/c easy to change and easy to resuse
- methods

enumerable = 